19. What’s the difference between a for loop and a while loop?
Both for and while loops loop until some condition is false; every for loop can be represented as
a while loop. The difference is more in the use of the loops. For loops are generally used for iterating
over collections, where the size is known. They typically declare a local variable and increment or decrement
it on each iteration. A while loop is generally used until some condition is true, where you aren' sure how many
iterations it will take to become true. E.G. collecting input until the user types something valid.

22. What’s the difference between parameters and arguments?
I like to remember them are parameter > potential, argument > actual.
The parameter is like a placeholder (another potential mnemonic) in a function declaration.
It represents the value that the user will pass in, not the actual value passed in.
The actual value passed into the function in a function call is the argument.

25. What’s the difference between a class and an object?
A (non-static) class is like a blueprint detailing what functionality and information it will has.
An object is an instance of a class. It has the actual data, and you can pass it around and call functions on it.

26. What is a constructor function? What does it do and when?
A constructor function is a function that is called when an object is created with the 'new' keyword.
It does whatever the programmer wants, typically initializing values and performing setup.

27. Why should each class have its own tab in Processing?
Each class being in its own tab helps to keep things organized - 
you don't need to scroll an infinitely long file like the interactive toy.
(however you can't close tabs and they are forced to alphabetical order,
so for my ray traced game I put multiple classes in one file to keep things
organized better).

31. What’s the difference between an array and an ArrayList?
An ArrayList is like an expanding array - it's capacity grows when you need more room.
An array has a fixed size - after you declare it, it's stuck at that size unless you reallocate it.

32. Why would you want to go through a list backwards, decrementing the index?
The main use case for iterating backwards is to remove items from the list as you are iterating.
If you iterate forwards and remove an item, each item above shifts down, decreasing its index.
Iterating backwards solves this, because you have already iterated past the above items.

37. When should you use PVector instead of float variables?
You should use a PVector whenever you want to do anything with position, other physics concepts, and other math.
It contains lots of helpful functions to make your code shorter and cleaner.
You can also use it any time you want to store 3 floats, like a colour (but I would recommend
making your own class for that, to add your own useful functions)

42. What is a normalized vector, why is it useful?
A normalized vector is a unit vector, or a vector with a length of 1.
It has plenty of uses in math. For example, taking the cross product of unit vectors
means that the resultant vector will also be of length 1
(length is |u||v|sin theta if I remember correctly).
For input vectors, it also prevents speeds higher than intended.
(x = 1 and y = 1 means magnitude = 1.414)
There are a billion uses I can't think of at the moment, but normalized vectors are great for
certain math situations.